Assumptions:
1. Train cannot visit stop again in the same schedule (make a new schedule if the train wants to go back)

2. Schedule goes from origin to destination once, so a train has to make a new schedule each time it goes
along the northeast corridor route from start to finish so the transit line name should be like
"northeast corridor round #47". This is strange because the primary key is a transit line name, but
the Entity is a schedule/iteneraries and it has dates when the train will arrive at a stop, so its more of a
schedule than a transit line since a transit line is something that is like repeated every day, but this stores
specific days when the train goes to a stop and is a schedule of where that train will be on a datetime, so the
primary key being called transit line name is really a misnomer

3. Round trips are stored as 2 rides, one going and one coming, and it could be on 2 different train
schedules/lines, there is also a boolean to indicate the reservation is a round trip

4. Each ride is one ride of a train, if the customer has to make a connection to get to their destination, each
additional connection is another ride on their reservation. The customer will list out all the connections they
will make to get to their destination as pathfinding algorithms are not within the scope of the class. The user
should ensure that they dont enter the same connection twice for instance as they will only be charged more for
a connection they cant take,

5. Monthly and weekly are like a pass that you can ride any train for the month or week if there is an open seat.
These are of course avaliable at a much higher price than just a one off ticket but are a deal for frequent
commuters

6. Assuming 2 rides cant have the same seat number on a train on a schedule at the same time (may be able to
enforce this in SQL)

7. Assuming the reservation support customer rep relationship is not needed even though it is mentioned in the
project description, we added it and were told to remove it in the feedback for the er diagram and we emailed
the ta in charge of the project if we should do something else instead or just remove it on 3/23/20, but we
recieved no response so we just removed it. Also in the email we were told that employees should have username
and password but then we asked should the ssn still be their primary key then like the project desctiption says
and did not reciveve a response so we changed the primary key to be username since it makes more sense.

8. Admin will not create a customer rep with a username the same as another customer rep, and admin or a customer

9. booleans line isWeekly, isMonthly  and isChildOrSenior,isDisabled are multually exclusive (enforced by what 
website forms allow)

10. Assuming "Produce a list of the 5 most active transit lines" means the 5 transit lines with the most number
of rides in our case

11. Assuming "Produce a list of reservations:
[] by transit line and train number (e.g. NortheastCorridor #3425)
[] by customer name " means rides in our case (a reservation can have 1 or more rides on a train schedule in
our implementation)